Flavio/refactor docs and tutorial (#66)
IntelLabs/hec-p-isa-tools: kerngen/README.md

insensitive, but the convention we use is the operations are capitalized. These
are defined in the [manifest.json](./pisa_generators/manifest.json) file.
```
CONTEXT BGV 8192 4 3
DATA a 2
DATA b 2
DATA c 2
ADD c a b
```

## CONTEXT

> Context defines the global properties `(scheme, poly_ordering_dimensionr, max_rns,

Reviewer: typo on poly_ordering_dimensionr?

> Context defines the global properties `(scheme, poly_ordering_dimensionr, max_rns,
> current_rns)` of the input script.

Author: ```suggestion
Context defines the global properties `(scheme, poly_ring_dimension, max_rns,
current_rns)` of the input script.
```
